Let's start by working with JSON Kafka messages as a Spark streaming source.
We will first analyze the source sample.
Next, we create a schema.
Last, we use the schema to extract fields.
Let's start by analyzing the source sample.
Creating a Sink can be compared with assembling a puzzle.
The JSON Fields are the pieces to the puzzle.
Just as the picture of the finished puzzle will help you decide where pieces belong,
seeing the end goal for your Sink format guides your programming.
Let's take a look back in draw.i0 at where
our sources are coming from and where our sink will go.
Let's look at this Spark application.
We're going to start off with just a cylinder that
I've taken and dragged over and then turn sideways,
and I'm going to use this to represent my topics.
We're going to draw each of the topics that we're going to use in this lesson.
I'm going to put some text on this topic,
that way I can label it.
One of the topics we're going to look at is gear-position.
I'm going to copy this topic by copying and pasting it.
Another topic we're going to work with is vehicle-status.
Another topic that we're going to work with is vehicle check-in status.
Where are these topics coming from?
You may have asked yourself that question when you worked in
the earlier exercises of Lesson 1.
In our workspace, we have a Java application that's used for simulating data,
so I'm going to draw that.
We're going omit Kafka as an entity from this diagram
because each of these topics infers the presence of a Kafka broker,
so this is where the data is actually coming from.
The simulation application is actually populating each of these topics.
In order to do so, it has to connect to Kafka,
and then provide a topic name.
Then it writes the data into the topic.
Where are we ingesting this data?
We're ingesting it in a Spark application,
so I'm going to draw that.
I'm going to copy this simulation,
and bring it over here.
My Spark application is the one ingesting these topics,
so I'm going to represent that.
Lastly, I'm going to create a Kafka topic that I'm sending data to,
from my Spark application,
and I've called that topic in my case,
check-in status because it has data from vehicle-status and vehicle check-in,
and it's joined data.
So I'm calling it something that represents the names from both original topics.
Which direction should the arrows go here?
Where should the data be coming from?
If it's originating in Spark,
then I should represent that,
and where's the data going?
In theory, we would have an application consuming this data,
so we can just say that our simulation is consuming it,
and that shows us an example of a consumer.
This has just been a simple exercise to draw where the data is coming from,
and where it's going to in the ecosystem that you've been working in,
and we'll continue to work in throughout the rest of the course.